Michele's feedback
---

* Good job putting all your main code inside `main.py`. It is fantastic coding practice to put the code you want me to run inside a `main.py` file. 
* Your project window is too large - you made it 1000 x 1000 pixels, so I can't even run it on my computer because it is too large. To have it run on almost all monitors, the best practice is to have a screen you design either adjust to the screen size that you run it on, or be no larger than 600 x 600. 
* Best practices for global variables (that make code easier to read and cleaner in general), is to create all your variables and objects in your `main` method and NOT use the global keyword there. This means all variables that you need to use / modify in functions outside of `main`, you create inside your `main` method. Then, whenever you need to modify a variable in a function, you use the `global` keyword in the function to change the value of the variable. You did the part where you use `global` in functions to modify correctly, but you do not need `global` keywords inside the `main` method. 
* You have some unused variables in your code that make it harder to read because they are not used. 
* I like your use of the `View` and `Button` class. I especially like how you are creating the surface from the rectangle that you are given. However, what I do not like is that when I make a button I need to myself make the rectangle and give the button the rectangle. It might be easier to ask the programmer to give 4 numbers, then in the code for the button actually make the rectangle through pygame.
* I really like your use of `clear` / `draw` methods in the `view` and `button` classes. However, your `Button` class is a subclass of `View`, which means you don't need to write / copy the `clear` method from the `View` class. 
* You do not need a `checkIfPosIsInRec` method in your `Button` class. Pygame implements for you a `collidepoint` method, that works for ALL kinds of pygame elements. It's alright that you did this, but Pygame already did it for you. 
* Lastly about your button class - one way to save yourself a bit of work / typing was to just give the filename of the image to your button and `load` the image through pygame in the actual button class.
* In general, it is a much better idea to actually CREATE your objects / buttons / whatever OUTSIDE of the `while(True)` loop, and then just draw / clear them inside the loop. If you have enough elements, you start to get into a performance issue. It also slowly eats away your computer memory. 
* I really really like that you use a variable in your `Button` class to keep track of the "action" that the button takes. It is a great way to be flexible in your code, and put code into functions in your `main` method.  
* I don't really understand why you have so many different classes of Oompa Loompas. Looking at all of them, there really is not a lot of difference between all the different classes. You can save a lot of clutter and a lot of time / code if you just have ONE class called `OompaLoompa` with all the relevant parameters. 
* I like your use of button lists to keep track of how many buttons you have on your display. You don't use these lists, but I can easily imagine a scenario where you will need these. 
* You don't keep track of a list of OompaLoompas anywhere - all you show me is the total, not the individual Oompa Loompas I bought. My suggestions is to do a similar thing you do with the Oompa Loompas that you do with the buttons and keep track of them in a list. 